What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
You create a .git folder which stores metadata about your git repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is a more precise file area where we can specify changes
that we actually want in git. It is a temporary space between the cwd and repo.
It allows us to see actually what we are committing. 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
You can issue a git diff --staged to see the difference between the staging
area and the last commit. Look through the differences between what is about to
be commited and what was committed last should tell you whether the changes
comprise one logical change or not.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
If you need to test some new features while keeping a working version of the code available. 
Having different branches allows you to easily switch between known states and continue
developing from those states without losing the work you had made on the same files
while trying to implement something else.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
You can see where branches have diverged from other branches
and at what point there have been merged back in.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
The two branches have a merged history with all the commits of both branches available
in git log and to be checked out. It is represented in the graph by timestamp and as two tracks
so we can see what the relative timeframe was.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Automatic merging can make some changes to a file appear to be common when you run into 
merge conflicts just because it didn't have a conflict. So sometimes new code isn't that
obvious. Always merging manually means you see all of the changes coming in from a 
branch that potentially you didn't work on and don't fully understand. However this 
consumes a lot of time. It is a trade-off. 
